COPYRIGHT

The following copyright applies to each file in the ParElag distribution, unless
otherwise stated in the file:

Copyright (c) 2018, Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.  Produced at the
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory under Contract No. DE-AC52-07NA27344 with
the DOE.

Neither the United States Government nor Lawrence Livermore National Security,
LLC nor any of their employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or
assumes any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or
usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or
represents that its use would not infringe privately-owned rights.

Also, reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or services
by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or otherwise does not necessarily
constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United
States Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC. The views and
opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those
of the United States Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC,
and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.


LICENSE

ParElag is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Lesser General Public License (as published by the Free Software
Foundation) version 2.1 dated February 1999.

ParElag is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the terms and conditions of the GNU Lesser General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with this library (file LICENSE); if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA


CONTACT INFORMATION

The software is released under LLNL-CODE-745557. Please see

https://github.com/LLNL/parelag

for more information and source code availability.
